[Music]
Hello, this is Dong-gyu Kim, CEO of Calibus. It's already
been a year. Calibus
has been running very fast for the past year.
In the summer, we signed partnerships with famous Japanese company Rakuten
and blockchain powerhouse
Arbitrum.
In Korea, we were able to attract
great K-pop star performances centered on show music through an exclusive contract with MBC.
At the end of August, we
finally held an official opening based on valuable data collected through wave tests.
After that, we partnered with the Korea Grand Music
Awards and became the Transcendental Chamber of Commerce of the Year for Calibus.
In November, we opened our first partner planet,
Tomorrowland Play, to
start a fantastic EDM performance. In December, we
successfully opened our first game-only planet, Calibus Invasion, to establish a full-fledged
service circulation structure.
Calibus has also
realized many technological advancements.
By utilizing AI, we have been able to create a tremendous efficiency in the production process
and a new concept of emotion.
For example,
users can equip their avatars with an AI called Chappie to
make them like living creatures and make friends in virtual reality, or
implement AI-designed cities and complex transportation systems, and
actively utilize AI lighting in the synthesis of real life and graphics to create more vivid and
realistic experiences.
There are some things that have been implemented to implement virtual performances and shopping.
Among them, there is
one really amazing technological innovation that I would like to tell you about through
this opportunity. I will announce it at this CES,
but it is that anyone can now enjoy the
amazing virtual performance of Caliber with a simple film
attachment. You
can enjoy it on your mobile phone, iPad, or even a regular monitor of a laptop. Not only
YouTube or Netflix videos,
but even videos that you filmed yourself will
all be converted into 3D through AI. I
think many people who experience it on site will be shocked.
In addition, we are planning
to apply a high-performance PC-based cloud service in cooperation with NVIDIA so that you can easily continue the Caliber experience even without a high-performance gaming PC. We are preparing to lower the entry barrier so that
world-class Caliber can spread further and further.
In addition, we have
prepared various surprise announcements with global top tiers. Let's go together and see
what kind of achievements Caliber will make at CS 202.
You have come to CS225.
As you can see now, there
is a long line of visitors.
They are evaluating that we had the best metaverse experience in each area of ​​pop, EDM, shopping, and youth that we prepared. You can see that there are
many visitors lined up behind me now.
First of all, pop is
VR device.  We have prepared seats
so that you can enjoy a very immersive performance.
Here,
users can enjoy
very realistic pop content by waving their cheering sticks with their bare hands without a controller.
This time, Calis has unveiled a special technology
for experiencing next-generation performance content with a deep sense of immersion without a heavy headset.
Anyone can
easily experience general 3D video as a very realistic stereoscopic video by attaching a screen film on the surface of the screen.
Through this,
you can have a realistic experience as if you were visiting a concert hall at home.
Using this technology, we are trying to expand the area not
only to entertainment but also to shopping. The
technology here is a space created by our partner,
Rebuilder AI, a graduate of KAIST.
Anyone can easily
use their smartphone to scan a product and generate
very realistic object data in a short time of about 3 minutes.
You can see for yourself how the sneakers here are simply scanned by Yujo's hand and applied to our actual metaverse. This year, we are conducting a demonstration that not only
scans objects but also people's appearances with a smartphone and
turns them into three-dimensional avatars. The
response is very hot, and
this is the film I mentioned earlier.  We have prepared a 3D AI theater
using lenticular technology so that you can experience 3D in real time not only on smartphones but
also on very large screens.
There is a really long line right now, but
users inside will feel as if they are watching a concert live while
watching the 3D unfolding on the huge screen. If you
look at the exit where you are leaving from now, you can see everyone smiling brightly. I
think it must have been an amazing experience. Oh,
even now, many people are continuing to flock
to the Caliber booth. We
will continue to research and develop without rest so that Caliber can continue to have a more fantastic experience. We will do our best until the end of the show
to show many people the future that our technology Lotte Innovator Caliber wants to unfold.
Thank you.
[Music]
[Applause]
Everyone y